- [Instructor] For this course,
we're going to need a few tools installed in advance.
You may already have Java installed,
but we're going to install SDKMAN
because it makes it so easy to manage the installation
of GraalVM and other various JDK versions.
To do this, first go ahead and open the SDKMAN webpage
at sdkman.io/install on a Mac or a Linux machine.
It's pretty painless.
We'll just open up a terminal window
and we're going to copy the curl command listed here.
And in the terminal window, we'll paste it and hit Enter.
Next, we need to copy this source command here.
We'll copy that and paste, hit Enter.
Let's clear the screen.
And the last thing we need to do is check the version.
So we'll type SDK version and hit Enter.
This will tell us, of course the version
of SDK that's installed.
To install a JDK, we need to first see what is available
and we can do that by typing SDK list Java.
This will also tell us which one
we're already using if it's installed.
So there are many various JDKs
that we can use as we see here.
GraalVM is listed as well as several other options.
We only want to copy from the identifier column
for the JDK we're interested in.
So I'm going to select Amazon Corretto version 8.312.07.1.
So I'll copy this text and I'd queue to exit.
And to install this version, we'll type SDK install Java
and paste in the identifier, hit Enter.
This is going to download that version.
And when it's done, it may prompt you
to type Y to set this as the default.
Okay.
Now we'll type Java-version to verify the version installed
and we can see our Corretto version OpenJDK is installed.
Let's go ahead and clear the screen.
Now we're going to install Brew.
And if you've not used Brew before on a Mac,
Brew is basically a package manager
like what we find for Linux, but is for a Mac.
And we're going to be using Brew
to install both Docker, Vagrant, and VirtualBox.
Now I want to forewarn you
that Brew will take quite a while to install.
Let's go ahead and open our browser windows back up,
locate in your URL type Brew.sh.
And we're going to copy the bin command here
or you can click the clipboard icon to copy as well.
Go back to your terminal window,
we'll paste that in, and hit Enter.
This will prompt you for your system password
and accept the defaults.
Now, this is going to take a few minutes,
so just sit back and watch.
Okay, that did take a little bit of time,
but once this is done, you can type Brew help
to validate that it's installed
and also see all of the available commands and directives.
Okay, next, we're going to install Docker.
Let's clear the screen.
To do this, we're going to type Brew install --ask Docker
and hit Enter.
Once it's done, let's go ahead
and hit the Command + Spacebar.
We'll type Docker, hit Enter.
And the first time you're going to need to confirm to open
and it's going to ask you about downloading from the web.
And so for that alert, we'll say open.
Okay.
So once Docker is fully installed and available,
you should see this message saying
that the Docker engine is starting.
Once this is complete, we're going to go back
to the terminal and run one final test.
Okay, let's go back to the command line.
We're going to run the final test
and this will be typing Docker run hello world.
This is going to download a Docker image called hello world
and it will run it in the terminal.
And as you can see here, this message shows you
that your installation appears to be working correctly.
Okay, let's clear the screen.
And for the last installation,
we're going to install VirtualBox and Vagrant.
Now later on in the course,
we will be using VirtualBox with Vagrant.
So we need to ensure that these are installed
and to do this we'll type Brew install VirtualBox.
Cancel out of that.
I mistyped that.
Let's do that again, Brew install VirtualBox.
If you're prompted for your password,
go ahead and enter your password now.
And then this will be followed
by Brew install VirtualBox extension-pack.
And with those installed, we lastly need to install Vagrant.
We'll do this by typing Brew install Vagrant.
Now, of course, we have one last step to install
and that is Git and Brew makes this easy.
So we'll type Brew install Git and hit Enter.
That wraps up the tools that'll be using except for an IDE.
I'm going to be using IntelliJ Community Edition
that we saw from our last video.
You can find this at https://www.jetbrains.com/idea.
I'm not going to run through the install
because any capable IDE will do for this course.
But if you want to use it,
I think you'll be delighted with it.